{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1/1/2021\
Life\
So much of life has happened in the middle of the Instagram pictures. So much of life has happened that you can\'92t remember. Sadness and anxieity hangs heavy over the moments of happiness. The moments you wish last a lifetime are mere seconds but when you think back to them and how you felt in that moment, everything changes, you feel light again, transported back to that time when you were so happy.\
I was looking at some old pictures of me \'97 at when I was at my heaviest \'97 my senior year of college. But really, it was the lightest I have felt in my entire life. My entire soul was uplifted, I felt like I was floating. And for the most part I did \'97 I floated through life. I was so so so happy.\
I want that unbearable lightness of being, of existing this year. I want 2021 to be that light and happy. And I will take it day by day hoping to end the day with a smile on my face and feeling light.\
\
1/7/2018\
Yknow it wasn\'92t until yesterday that it hit me that you\'92re ignoring me or more like freezing me out. It was all the same stuff w Kaavya, no talking, broke our snap streak, no calls, nothing. And while I get that you need your space, I mean we all do. I also get that things changed while I was gone but yknow what if this is a solid friendship that shouldn\'92t matter but apparently it does. For my own mental health, I need to know what the fuck happened and why you\'92re freezing me out and that\'92s it. \
\
1/18/2018\
My mind goes into overdrive and it\'92s an out-of-body experience. I am typing this and I see it but I don\'92t. My hands seem to be moving so fast in my head but I can\'92t type and the speed is painfully, crucially slow. My mind is in overdrive and flashing images run through my head. \
\
1/22/2022\
Life\
Life itself: this is who I had been for as long as I could remember. At some point, shouldn\'92t I try to be someone different? Shouldn\'92t I try to not be affected by people the same way I was when I was younger? Shouldn\'92t I feel more settled in who I am and where I am going? After all - I did this to myself - isolated from the group of friends, unwilling to partake and be a part of the smaller inner group. I did this to myself. Then why am I still sad? Then why am I still mad? Why do I feel this FOMO? This willingness to put up a charade. Put up all my walls and not let anyone into this fortress?\
\
Addendum: January 22, 2022 @3:51pm\
At some point do we need to make room for others in order to grow? How do we do that? How do you let someone else to grow and allow them to grow with you?\
\
1/26/2018\
My brain won\'92t accept it but things have changed. \
You have changed and my brain won\'92t accept it.\
I have changed and my brain won\'92t accept it. \
I look out into the mirror and see the same brown eyes \
But they are a little bit darker\
A little bit shrouded\
With a fire resembling fear \
And the thirst quenched with answers\
\
1/27/2020\
\
\
I always feel guilty. My parents are well off but they have seen struggle. I grew up with privilege \'97 with cars and drivers and extra help. I have always had a roof over my head and not a worry about where my next meal will come from. I am in all it\'92s sense, in the top 20%. I am privileged in the way white people are \'97 they earn for themselves, not their family. \
\
But I feel guilty. Like I don\'92t have claim to it. Like I have lost touch with reality. Like I have lost the right to be sad. Like I don\'92t have the right to be depressed and contemplate suicide. Like privilege is the equivalent of happiness. \
\
Because we always comment on what do they shave sad about?\
\
\
This has been the longest week since being back 3 months and a week ago. Can it please please please just end already? I honestly just want it to be April 11th. I would have so much in place by then. \
\
What I am trying to figure out is \'97 why was I made a research assistant when people were right off the bat hired as ux researchers? Is it because I don\'92t have my masters and only my bachelors? Is it because I don\'92t have that much experience? \
\
I could quit tomorrow and they wouldn\'92t think there\'92s a difference. This traffic has really made me go crazy. Like absolutely bonkers mad. And it\'92s only been 4 days. \
\
I am glad I didn\'92t quit. Today was a good day. Day 5. \
\
I have it easy - I get to sit in my AC car and come home. I have it easy. I don\'92t see the point of complaining because I have nothing to complain about on this front. My energy should be used more efficiently. People struggle, on two wheelers and on the backseat of autos, walking miles and kilometers to get to their destination. They spend time and money on things that come easy to me. And I waste the time that otherw crave for. I waste it on obsessing over other people and I waste it on tv. What if I gave it to my future. Don\'92t I already have a launching pad for success? Why don\'92t I use it? \
\
1/28/2018\
Does wishing something bad happen to someone make you a bad person? What if it\'92s justifiable? Is it justifiable? Is ghosting a justifiable reason? \
\
Was I mad? Was I hurt? Yes, yes I was. I thought we had a friendship that mattered but apparently it didn\'92t. And you turned 2 if my friends against me. Your problem is that you can\'92t be real w me and somehow your problem is my problem. Somehow I want to come yell at you and cry to you and ask you what the fuck I did wrong. But I love me. You didn\'92t give me room to breathe. You didn\'92t respect me and I hate myself for not seeing it sooner. People struggle with relationships and I lovers. I struggle with my friends and some are my best friends. Fake bitches ain\'92t nothing more. I\'92ll roast them but I\'92ll still cheer you on. Stay away from me bitch because the next time you show up in front of me, I am worried I might just kill you. \
\
1/30/2018\
It hurts and I don\'92t want it to. I have come to terms with it but it still hurts. I don\'92t know if that makes sense. I am a great friend but she isn\'92t and I just want her to feel the pain. Is that too much to ask for? Does that make me a bad person? \
\
1/30/2022\
Observation \
\
The scene begins with you standing at the R uptown subway stop at Cartland\'92s street. You have a destination in mind but you are also here and a pet of the experience. \
\
There are approximately 27 people on this platform as you begin at 1:42. There are only 2 trains here, both headed in the same direction, with the same stops. \
\
You decide to begin now. Look for your headphones. Because you\'92ve been so forgettable lately you\'92ve lost one airpod. So you put one in and intentionally open up the other to the sounds around you. You begin your playlist. It is now 1:44pm. \
\
There are still people in this platform \
	\'95	a dad and a daughter play slide \
	\'95	A man complaining about the train to his wife \
	\'95	Two friends chatting and one\'92s leg moves to the beat\
1:45pn \
	\'95	train arrives \
	\'95	More people get on than leave. The 30 of us are now in this train and I am in a different car from everyone practically \
	\'95	The two friends and the man complaining to his wife over phone are in my car \
	\'95	The friends feet continue to rhythmically tap - is she nervous? Friends look at one of their phones collectively \
	\'95	City hall station \
	\'95	There is a lady by the door reading a book \
	\'95	1 person leaves, 1 enters \
\
1:48pm \
	\'95	12 actively scroll on their phone \
	\'95	I am hyper aware about observing as I count - do they know what I am doing?\
	\'95	I am in the center of the train car. 23 people and me \
	\'95	We approach canal street. One of the girls with a black coat puts her phone away and looks at her reflection while fixing herself. \
	\'95	The lady with the book puts it away and now focuses on wearing her coats. \
	\'95	Neither get off. Another person got off and about 10 entered. We\'92re at 30 people in this car. Only 5 on their phone \
	\'95	A young couple talking \
	\'95	A person \
\
Song changes, train lurches, person looses balance to the beat of the drums \
	\'95	the lady w the book got off but the other one did not \
\
1:53pm \
	\'95	someone stares at me \
	\'95	The friends are still here\
\
1:54pn\
	\'95	Union square \
	\'95	Announcements \
	\'95	Many people leave weMte down to 15 \
	\'95	The friends are cozied up \
	\'95	Movement of the subway facilitates the music \
	\'95	Another person standing by the other exit moves their feet left and right to the side of their feet and back \
\
This was meant to be my stop but I didn\'92t get off. What am I looking for? Still on the R \
Both of the groups that began this journey w me are still here and I feel like I must keep going. \
1:57pm \
\
1:59pm \
	\'95	herald square stop \
	\'95	People sit, sleep against their friends or railings \
	\'95	Share into their phones and into the abyss \
\
2:05pn \
\
Intermission. You decide to get the Dow gown train. Get on the Q. And you\'92re back on 14th \
\
2:45\
\
You are on a other train \
There are 2 friends huddled around a phone \
A woman with a book \
5 people staring at phones \
\
Subway music? \
Stand clear ping sound \
The shuffle to steady as the train lurches forward \
Train held so we\'92re paused \
About 15 people \
One man standing sits down and nervous or ticks \
Woman reading sets book aside and send few messages And goes back to reading \
Two friends - one napping \
\
Symmetry \
Waiting \
\
2:58pn \
You\'92re back at cirtlabdr. Across the way from where you started \
This time you hear the water \
Beeping in the distance \
Able meltinf and pipes leaking \
You are alone ob \'91this side of the empty platfor\
\
\
2/3/2016\
You hate to admit it-\
But you drink because \
You think it makes you better. \
\
It takes about 6 drinks. \
6 shots of straight up \
vodka to be precise. \
A lot more beers. \
But you hate beer anyway\
Beer is what the fuckboys drink. \
\
In your head, you become better. \
That's when you're in your good stage \
A little fuzzy glow\
Around everyone you look at. \
It's almost like you're in heaven. \
That's what you say \
After your sixth shot--\
"Am I in heaven now?" \
\
Everything feels lighter\
You feel lighter. \
You feel more confident. \
Is it weird to say your sass \
Comes back. \
The alter ego you hide in your\
Mind is unleashed. \
She looks for answers. \
There is a need to know more. \
\
You nod heads.\
Hug people. \
Dance like you don't give a shit. \
Your body moves with what you \
Think is rhythm. \
You talk to more people and \
Talking to people brings you \
Back to the bar for another. \
\
Seven. You take a seventh shot. \
You feel the buzz fill \
Your body. It's warming. It's confident. \
The fuckboy in front of you\
Is just that but you don't care. \
You nod while he talks about his frat. \
Eight. You go for eight. \
\
Eight is your limit. It's the peak. \
You know it. But the boy keeps talking \
You move on to another one \
The people around seem trashier \
More drunk \
Dancing and singing \
You look for your friends--\
They are too busy without you. \
\
A wave of sadness when happy is \
Terrible. \
A wave of sadness when drunk is \
Worse. \
It propels you into depression. \
You know that. You don't want that. \
Your head says no, \
Enjoy the buzz. \
Keep a grip. \
Your heart says Nine. \
Your heart says test the waters \
\
Nine. Ten. Eleven. \
You jump head first. \
People chatter, \
People sing. \
People call you an alcoholic. \
You were buzzed and now you aren't. \
It took Eleven shots. \
\
Your friends are the last thing \
That bother you. \
The boy in front of you stops talking. \
And all you want is a person. \
It's a need that envelopes you. \
And you hate that need. \
You try to take that need off in \
The only way you know how- \
Enveloping yourself in something else-- \
A fuckboy. \
\
Twelve. You take a twelfth to forget. \
\
2/5/2016\
There is something so magical seeing someone sing live. I never got why people become concert junkies. But I get it now. I watched Troye Sivan live tonight. For the first time, I was so overwhelmed I wanted to cry through every song. I took 4 videos before I was done. Because the magic of being in that moment, dancing to those songs will never return. But here is to the endless concerts. And the endless jam sessions. \
\
2/9/2016\
I sit on rooftops and quads\
Looking at the stars and city lights\
I watch the blue mix with the \
Dark black trees \
I watch reflections on still water \
I am waiting \
I don't know for what or who or where\
I just know I am waiting \
On this cloudless Seattle day\
On the rooftops and quads \
I sit there waiting \
As the sky turns different shades of blue\
I watch the planes leave their smoke\
And stars illuminate the sky \
But I won't wait forever \
Because here in Seattle, \
Cloudless blue skies \
Don't last too long \
\
I drink a little too much sometimes \
I know I shouldn't but I take another shot \
How do you stop yourself? \
When it tastes so good \
And goes down so easily.its your drug\
And you let it inhibit you. \
I do stupid things when I am drunk-- \
\
\
Facebook people and people people are different. \
That's one of the first things you learn in college. \
\
2/10/2016\
My need for independence scares me sometimes \
\
I hope to see you around \
I think about the 1am vodka shots\
How easily they went down my throat \
How you needed a chaser \
\
Bright red solo cups \
In a dimly lit room \
More jungle juice \
More beer \
More weed \
It's everywhere \
I slip into a corner \
And watch \
People \
Because that's what I do \
I watch people \
\
It's 3am and I crawl into bed \
\
\
2/13/2016\
They call me plain, \
They say I don't do \
Anything fun. \
It hurts because \
Your alter ego wants more. \
\
You say that through the smoke \
Coming through your nostrils\
You want it to not hurt \
You get drunk \
And make terrible life choices \
And just because \
You don't laugh at stupid \
Things \
You are called not fun \
\
You have stuff to add \
Why do you not add to the \
Conversation thing \
\
2/14/2016\
There is a fine line between \
Pretend hate and actual hate. \
People forget that sometimes \
People forget how fragile feelings are. \
I am tired of being that person who has \
To worry. I don't want to worry anymore. \
\
Sometimes we just need pick-me-ups\
I am looking for mine. Because \
Alcohol can only do so much \
And then you need people. It's a deadly cycle between drugs and toxic people. \
\
Because I have walked this road a\
Thousand times before. And I am done. \
I want to be done. I want this to be over. \
I want this lifetime of pain to end. \
It hurts and I cannot breathe. \
I have walked this tightrope to many times \
One too many more than I can count \
\
2/14/2020\
I have never had to take a bus in Bangalore city. I have sat in an auto a handful of times. I have never walked kilometers to get to my destination. That is my privilege in India. Where I have always had someone to pick up after me. Where a driver wasn\'92t a novel, and sitting in a car the only way to get somewhere. Where my relationship with money was defined by my parents. Where I had to look at them for a little bit to spend instead of getting a job or the bank. Where I teetered on the edge of upper middle class and middle class to firmly settle up in the upper middle class. Where spending without thinking was just normal. Where this privilege of a car, of air conditioning, a driver, a helper, never crossed my mind. \
\
\
I am so angry. Why at the lunch table do we have to bring up my driver? Why at lunch do we have to bring up my Hindi? Ever since I started working here I have realized I will get judged for things that are beyond my control. Yes I have a driver. Realistically, we are spending less on him than we would be on cab fare. My mom has help because she is literally in pain. I don\'92t hve to pay for him because my dad does. I fucking lived in another country and English is t\
\
2/16/2016\
Knowing things--that's what you like the most. It's this instinct to know what's wrong with people, to have them confide in you. You say it's so you don't have to talk about yourself. You hate talking about your emotions. It makes you feel things. It hurts not knowing things. \
Somewhere along the way, you lost them. You lost your confidence and you became a fly on the wall. \
\
People make people. But what we don't realize is that people also break people. \
\
There aren't too many instances where you can point to and be like this is where it all changed. I hope for many, those the times when the realization that everything has slotted into place hits you. Like when you were kid playing with the big blocks and you would try and try and fail again until one through tears eyes, you see a picture that makes sense in front of you \
\
\
People make people. But what we don't realize is that people also break people. \
\
There aren't too many instances where you can point to and be like this is where it all changed. I hope for many, those the times when the realization that everything has slotted into place hits you. Like when you were kid playing with the big blocks and you would try and try and fail again until one through tears eyes, you see a picture that makes sense in front of you \
\
2/19/2022\
Corrected\
i\'92ve been corrected twice today:\
	1	Dirty pain in women in the tinder swindler. I guess that it isn\'92t dirty pain, it\'92s clean pain but the dirty pain they do to themselves sometimes where they\'92re in denial. Some are able to turn it into clean pain\
	2	Seattle doesn\'92t have culture and america started on the east coast. History isn\'92t culture and it does have history. I guess it does have history l, the land is rich and there is history but there isn\'92t human history, no historical significant thing has happened yet or maybe it\'92s not talked about. If it is Native American history then let\'92s talk about it, let\'92s cherish it more. The culture there today seems very sleepy. Maybe it\'92s just not my culture. No museums and dinners and\
\
\
2/20/2016\
It starts with a lump in your throat until it's a burning in your stomach. You cry yourself to sleep, silently yet visibly shaking. Someone else sleeps in the same room as you and they don't hear you. You know where you are going. In the few moments when the clouds part and the sun filters, you stand on the roof and let yourself breathe. You know where you are going. You haven't been there in a while, you haven't battled the dungeon in as long as you have known. You ache. And you just want to stop aching. \
\
You try being happier, but all of a sudden people try to push you away. You feel like you aren't wanted. You feel like it's you. You need to talk to someone. \
\
2/20/2022\
If it\'92s a play about people \
\
\
Starts the show talking about what do people like seeing? What\'92s interesting - potato chip. People more than anything. Then why not take out everything and just leave the people so you can watch people \
\
\
If it\'92s a okay about people then why did the shadows become more entertaining at one point? \
\
\
Who we are is not in here but extends to the connections between all of us \
\
2/21/2016\
But people get under your skin easily. You feel like you aren't wanted. And you hate it. \
\
\
Jen hates being called Jenny. Jenny is used too much and "Jen just sounds so much classier," she says. To which you respond, "and older." She gives you the look. Every Time, it's the same. It's routine. And routine scares me sometimes. \
\
The night is black and that's where my demons hide. \
___________\
\
I hope to see you around \
I think about the 1am vodka shots\
How easily they went down my throat \
How you needed a chaser \
\
Bright red solo cups \
In a dimly lit room \
More jungle juice \
More beer \
More weed \
It's everywhere \
I slip into a corner \
And watch \
People \
Because that's what I do \
I watch people \
______________\
\
Sometimes i sleep with a smile on my face, \
Moon shaped smiles and stars in my eyes. \
_____________\
I watched the rain fall on the window pane. I fell in love with the noise, with the way the droplets trickled down the glass window. There was something magical about the rain. It made me smile. \
\
I have been walking in this Seattle rain for a week; hoping for a ray of sunlight. I should be sad because that's what the weather says. I relate to the weather; I cry with the clouds and laugh twith the sun, sleep with the stars and dream with the moon. The sky has this crazy hold over me. But he past week I have been walking around in this rain, \
_______________\
Flying over the country is one of the most beautiful things. \
\
When we took off, we rapidly approached the darkness. Running away from that light. Somewhere near the end, the light started again. Flying through a sea of clouds, all I want to do is get off right here and stand on the clouds like they do in the cartoons. Because on one side as the sun rises over the horizon, kissing the cloud line with a warm glow, the other side was a shadow of the darkness. How perfectly the two fit together. Just like the sun and moon. \
\
The sun kissed the clouds and the clouds refused to give way. The clouds turned a beautiful pink. As the sun rose, it reflected with the blue skin and the orange glow to make a sprinkle \
\
Clouds seemed like the roads. I never knew what\
\
Isn't snow just chunks of cloud falling from the sky? \
_______________\
The sand slipped through my fingers. Midway it started flowing upwards like as if a magnet was placed above us except the magnet wasn't strong enough for me. It was only the mystical pieces of sand that were attracted as they clinged to the ceiling with a magical hold. Find\
\
Yet, grains of sand are so vast and deep. There are so many and countless. But if you look for blue pigmented sand and trap it in an hourglass, it is forever yours because deep down, the sand is your sapphire, your gem. It's your time and you can do as you wish with it. Watch the sand fall as it may taking a beautiful shape of its own due to the magnet you place under it. The shape can be your life.\
_______________\
There is something so sinfully mystical about doing things in the night. I have this place where I go to think. I found it about a week ago and I have walked there more than a dozen times at all of the oddest hours of the night. Today I needed time to think and at 12am on a cloud yet sunny Seattle day, I couldn't muster the courage to cross the road. I have j walked on the same crossings a 100 times yet this time it's different. It felt different \
Everything was sketchier and uglier. The walk there didn't give me the adrenaline boost it usually does. Maybe it was because I had skipped class for this. Maybe because I was running away from \
____________\
\
\
2/21/2022\
Money\
\
\
here\'92s the thing about money: your relationship with it can irrevocably explain key facets of your identity. You can have nothing, live pay check to pay check, and still find happiness because you understand money isn\'92t what makes you happy, it\'92s people. \
\
Secondly, there is a disproportionate amount of people that spend money on things that are not as worth  judgment seems to exist on buying more visibly material and expensive things. On eating out. The smaller payments like excessive grocery shopping and wastage of food, buying $18 books, developing $20 film. These are the type of things that don\'92t get looked at. Maybe because people that do these things think they have such little of it or maybe because these aren\'92t seen as lavish luxuries rather necessities to live. \
\
This past weekend or a lot of the times I\'92ve sensed major judgment when I talk about eating out at expensive restaurants. I like food and I like the experience of it. I believe it\'92s something worth spending money on. Yet, it\'92s fleeting, not something one can own and hence seen as a corollary of an expensive lifestyle rather than a main expense in a budget lifestyle. I don\'92t spend money shopping or developing film or groceries. I spend it on people and spending time with people in a curated dining experience. That to me is happiness. So why can\'92t I be seen as a budget conscious woman as well? \
\
There are 3 types of people \
\
\
2/24/2016\
I feel suspended in space \
\
\
2/26/2016\
We don't take the long way home \
So we can find unknown and new places \
We are so used to the same monotonous \
Routine \
And I am tired. \
Tired of this. \
Tired of the iron grip I have on my life \
\
2/26/2016\
People ask \
'How do you live with you fears?' \
I know what they mean. They \
Mean, 'How are you scared of dogs \
and heights. How are you scared \
of these things and still do it?" \
\
It's because you don't know my \
Deepest and darkest fears. \
You don't know what keeps me \
Up at night. And trust me, you \
Don't want to know. I am strong. \
And I can't even take it sometimes. \
I dont think you want to know. \
\
\
2/26/2016\
It's like when people call you \
Frantically, worried, you know\
They need something from you. \
Except when you told them you \
Can't help, they cut the call.\
She said she thought her \
Character was a bitch in my story. \
Stories are based off of real life. \
Honey, I love you.\
But you are a bitch\
\
\
2/28/2016\
We live in a world of big brand names\
We love Kendrick and Arctic Monkeys \
For they have name\
And I love them as much as the other guy\
As much as Chad from Sigma Apple Pie\
But I also love \
My clothes from thrift stores\
My coffee with unbranded cups \
And artists who sell their music on street corners\
\
3/1/2018\
Why did you leave? \
I wish friendships could have friendship surveys \
A reminder to know yes I am in this friendship \
And no I am not being burdened by you \
\
Why did you leave? There has to be a reason \
A reason in my because obviously there is a reason \
And it\'92s me because you left and before you another person left and before you someone else left \
It has to be me because I am the only common denominator \
And trust me I have tried to take me out of the equation one too many times \
\
\
I fall in love with people a little too easily \
Far easier than I fall out of love with them \
Because I don\'92t think I ever do fall out of love with them \
I bare my soul for them \
Even when they threaten to rip it out of my heart \
I am over it \
\
3/2/2020\
~ \
I hate money, I hate everything it brings with it. I hate the talk, I hate the assumptions. I guess sometimes assumptions are necessary. I guess it\'92s needed sometimes to profile people. \
\
This job was doing well for me, it has taught me a lot. Being back home has been good for me. But the past week, I can feel it turning toxic. Both, work, and the city. I love being home, but I am getting too comfortable. I don\'92t have a life and I am finally missing my friends. It\'92s tough without social interaction, especially when your social media feeds are filled with them. I miss them but I am too lazy to text them and follow up. As for this job, don\'92t even get me started. I am so tired of being profiled as a \'93rich\'94 and \'93priveleged\'94 kid. Rather than meeting people and rather than learning, I see it becoming an obstacle. I see it become  a problem. I see it become a wedge. I am tired of the traffic, I am tired of the non communication, and in all honesty, I am tired of sitting on the bench. I am tired of the assumptions and I feel incapable to break through the assumptions. I feel incapable to make a change. I feel incapable to get my voice heard. I feel stifled. \
\
This is a question I\'92ve had for years \'97 am I an exception? Like am I pampered too much? I know people who have lived lives far more privileged than mine, do they hide it? Do they feel ashaamed? Am I doing something wrong that makes me standout more than I should? Should I act in a different way or talk in a different way? And what about them, who are more privileged? Do they just not interact with people or are put in situations that make them reflect on their privilege? How do they own it? How? \
\
I don\'92t know whether it\'92s the impending admissions results or the fact that I\'92ve been back 4 months now (almost 5) or the fact that some things about work are just giving me a lot of anxiety, but I am just questioning everything and I don\'92t feel ok. I don\'92t feel the best. I have a pit in my stomach since yesterday, I am taken back to 4 years ago, I feel lonely, I have very bad thoughts, and I am depresssed. There really is no other word for it but I feel despair and I am depressed in the dictionary definiton of these terms. Despair, Depressed, and Desperate. \
\
I am itching for change. I think Krishna makes the world go in mysterious ways. I am not sad about coming home. Hell, it was the best thing to happen to me. Something I was craving. I need to put it to good use and actually send in pieces for publication. And so, I believe whatever will happen next will be for the best and to teach me something. To help me grow in some way. I am just desperate to know what it is. \
\
I actually miss academia though. Working has taught me that I miss academia and I know what to do this time around. I miss academic research. \
\
3/3/2016\
I love a little too easily. \
I remember growing up with my mum. She would tell me, "Darling, love a little less." \
\
3/6/2022\
notes on fluency \
the ability to hold conversation with skilled dexterity over a breadth of vocabulary. the feeling of calling, owning, and commanding over a language; often one that is \'93native\'94 (defined as origin, history, generational) to a person. it is about autonomy and ownership over words and thoughts, inculcating inclusivity and assimilation within a person.  often fluency is accompanied by lack of recall causing the person to rely on extensive description to relay the message; it\'92s the approach of learning to string the right words in the correct order to form a description that elicits the word from the native speaker. \
\
3/9/2016\
I am so tired, \
Tired of everyone \
And everything. \
Last night was fun. \
With them, \
I don't have anxiety. \
It's because I don't have expectations. \
They are just easier to be around. \
And I am done carving out paths \
For other people to trample on. \
I am my own person. \
\
3/10/2016\
We used to be best friends. \
What happened to that? \
I barely see you. \
We co-exist.\
We barely talk. \
This is what you want. \
This is on you. \
You should know that. \
I tried talking. \
You shot me down. \
Enjoy with your other friends. \
Because you are just a person to me now. \
I am done. \
\
3/13/2021\
7:40pm; walking thoughts\
There is something so introspective about putting in your earphones and walking around, thinking about what\'92s happening and how you\'92re feeling. You feel like such a main character in the middle of a major life crisis.\
And well, I feel like that. I feel alone and empty and scared. So. Scared. I haven\'92t had to need a lot of things in my life. New York, definitely a want. But I have always needed people. I have always needed to not feel so alone. I have always needed to be needed. And somehow I get a lot of things but I don\'92t get that. What do I hve to do to get those things? To feel safe in trusting people? To be happy within myself?\
I am happy with myself I promise I am.\
Everything said and done, this year gave me one very vital thing: it gave me the time to be me, for me to understand who I am and what I want from life. It gave me the time to love myself like I\'92ve never loved myself. My job, regardless of everything I say about it, it saved me. It gave me purpose and forced me to live. It gave me value and I am definitely sad to leave. I wasn\'92t in a good place a year ago. I remember laying on the floor of my bathroom a little over a year ago wishing to milk myself. I am not going to lie, I have thought about that a lot but my job, my family, and my friends from overseas kept me alive.\
I am ready to jump into this next chapter of my life. I am scared but I am ready. I have nothing holding me down here. Nothing holding me back. Nothing keeping me back. I can do and be what I want.\
I feel very aimless like I don\'92t know what to do with my weekends. Is that how workaholics become? My workaholic self is motivated by loneliness.\
I need people to like me and I fight it but it\'92s difficult.\
I am scared of finding and meeting people to live with in New York. How do I do it?\
\
\
3/16/2022\
Lake\
\
Have you ever been to a lake? I could just sit by a lake with birds and ducks and duck watch for hours \
\
3/17/2016\
I do wish it everyday. I hate people who lie to me and who aren't straight with me. \
I do want them to be unhappy. Is it terrible of me to wish that they s\
\
3/24/2022\
Lately - dinners \
Lately I\'92ve been doing dinners. I am a brunch girl through and through. Breakfast for dinner has been my favorite meal since I was a child. As I grew I woke up too late and didn\'92t have time for breakfasts and so a breakfast for lunch or dinner seemed like the best way to get my breakfast food kick - waffles, pancakes, brioche, EGGS. Brunch - well brunch is my favorite meal. Add some day drinking where it\'92s completely respectable and acceptable to pass out at 9pm - I am here for it. But lately I\'92ve been having some great dinner meals. \
\
It\'92s been about the conversations, the intimacy, the less flare but more sophisticated approach to it all. \
\
3/29/2022\
Lately peripheral friendships\
\
There are so many people in your life you\'92re friends with because of circumstance. Is that why you make friends? \
\
\
3/30/2022\
How do I know we\'92re out of the pandemic? \
\
Well my depression came back. Full for r and that weird anti social funk where I hate everything even tho if h my life is pretty great. That fucjing existential dread! \
\
3/31/2021\
This morning \
\
I had a hallucination \'85\'85.. about killing myself. I thought about how easy it would be to go to the kitchen and pick up a knife and slit my wrist. How I won\'92t have to deal with any of this anymore. No one will find me for a few days and then probably my parents will find out that I am not replying to calls and set out a hunt for me. Probably call kaavya or bhaiya and then Erica will probably find me. \
\
I never planned to live this long. I never planned to actually graduating college, to actually living an adult life. And that\'92s why I struggle with this so much. I don\'92t know how to be an adult because I never wanted to be one. I never thought I would get here. \
\
So k went tkt be fun \
\
4/2/2016\
I know when things are going south. And this is it. This is it. I am sinking. That point that always happens it's come. I am out. \
\
I am done. I m not that important to any of them\
\
\
4/5/2016\
I have been through this a thousand times before. I know what this means. And I am done, done being treated like this. This is how I have felt for a long, long time. I am crying on the inside. I am done. \
\
4/9/2016\
There is something I just realized. This world I am living in is mine. That's a thought that goes through my mind everyday. I remind myself that everyday but right now it was one of those rare 4 am musings. This life I am living is mine, and mine alone. I can sit here and laugh over videos or I can go out there and make some experiences. I don't need to rely on people to make my experiences. I need myself. And sometimes, that's going to be enough. Sometimes I am going to have an ache in my chest which is going to scream how I need people. But other times, I am going to remind myself I am enough. I need to remind myself that because there is so much I want from this world, so many experiences that no one else but I can push for. \
\
4/13/2018\
happiness comes in short bursts\
and i take as much of it as i can get.  \
\
the pit of my stomach is hollow \
and my heart clenches \
\
i have been down this road one too many times\
and i have picked myself up \
\
if i fall again\
will i stand up again? \
\
4/14/2016\
I hate to say this, but,\
But your actions hurt me. \
They affect me more than they should. \
I try to not let them- \
Because after all, \
You are only my friend, \
Another person in the sea. \
You treat me like a bystander, \
A placeholder, \
And I take it. Because on those days,\
The ones we laugh and watch movies, \
I am happier. But this, \
This is toxic. \
I have enough people to \
Bring me down. \
I have an army that I call family, \
As they bulldoze me with bullets. \
I call it quits on the friendships that do so too.\
I need to start cutting ties, \
And I need to start doing it from you--\
The people who make me anxious.  \
\
You call me passive,\
But honey, you are the most unoriginal person\
I have ever met. I would never tell you this \
Because I have a heart. But, you are a clone of \
The people you hang out with. I see you change, \
Change with every person you meet.\
It\'92s a great thing. \
But when I see the people, \
When I hang out with them, I see who they are. \
And I see who you are.\
Nobody changes that fast. \
Because then, \
What do you believe in? \
What do you stand for? \
I thought you didn\'92t tell me because \
You didn\'92t want to talk about it. \
But now I realize, it\'92s because\
You don\'92t know.  \
You can\'92t call me passive,\
Because darling, \
You don\'92t know me. \
You never asked if I was okay, \
Or if I had a bad day when I clearly did. \
You made small talk, \
And I hate small talk. \
\
You said I didn\'92t believe in the right things,\
When you talked about kids in the future \
And I said I don\'92t want kids, \
You told me I would change my mind. \
Stop telling me what to do.\
And how you and that boy you met 20 minutes ago \
Are now a \'93thing\'94,\
I laughed internally. \
Internally because I am a great friend, \
I am there for you, \
A shoulder for you to cry on. \
But you haven\'92t seen me cry. \
You look at your phone when I try, \
Try to tell you about my shitty day. \
You treat me like a blank page, \
When I am color. \
I don\'92t believe in the things you\
Believe in. But I believe in the clouds\
parting for the sun. \
Even if it\'92s for a couple of minutes \
Amidst this Seattle rain. \
I believe in wishing on stars, and \
Knocking on wood. \
I believe in the power of words, \
And kindness. \
I believe that one day I can make a difference.\
I believe in the little things, \
And I would run--faster than light if I could--\
Towards it. \
\
You said I wasn\'92t smart. \
Sure, I laugh at myself, \
But that\'92s because I am a good sport about things. \
You don\'92t have the right to shit on me-\
Especially not for being me. \
I have dealt with people like you all my life, \
But look at me, I am still standing. \
And I intend on being this strong--\
Or actually much stronger at the end. \
Don\'92t laugh at me or call me dumb, \
Because I have better grades than you right now. \
Because I give a shit about things other than \'93practicality\'94\
Because I have been through things \
You have no idea about. \
You\'92re right, \
I am not the smartest person out there. \
But you don\'92t have a right to tell me \
I have no ambition \
Because you aren\'92t my mother. \
Because I am not scared to look, \
To crave the wilder things. \
Don\'92t laugh at me, \
Because it makes you sound like a hater. \
\
I have spent a lot of time on you, \
And on the things you have said. \
I have tried to win approval but what I realize, \
Is that I am not important to you. \
You are an important part of me,\
You have been a part of my life\
For far too long. \
But I am tired of being \
A paper clip to paper people. \
You make it a competition, \
I never entered. \
And if you thought I did, \
This is me saying, \
\'93I am out.\'94 \
Because I don\'92t shy away from \
Telling people I can\'92t manage anymore. \
I don\'92t give up on people. \
But I am learning how to--\
Starting with you. \
Because I am done with this toxicity. \
\
Stick, stuck, sticking--\
I hate the variations. \
\
Sticks, like the twigs I threw at you. \
The ones you held in the flat of your palm,\
Grazing your fingers along the rough edges. \
Twigs, you crushed them one-by-one, \
Leaving ashes in a cloudy smoke around your face, \
With laughter ringing in the forests. \
You made me laugh, \
Through my sadness and pain. \
You made me want to stick, \
Stick to you as we rushed past throngs of people. \
You made me want to be stuck, \
Next to you, but I was scared. \
\
Stuck, that\'92s how I\'92ve always felt, \
That\'92s what I am scared of. \
You make it seem so easy, \
But in truth, \
Pearls are stuck in oysters, till oysters break. \
I want more than the oyster, I want the sea. \
Pearls, \
I think of the way they lined my mum\'92s neck\
When she was with my father. \
I think of the way she used to twirl them\
When she was happy. \
But my father left, and with him he took the pearls, \
He broke the oyster. \
I always resented him for it--\
Even if I am turning into him. \
He was worried about sticking, \
Being stuck with us when there was so much more. \
I wish I could say leaving is easy, \
But I know the pain he went through, \
I felt it as I walked away from you. \
\
Sticking, I wish the car stuck that day, \
The way chocolate fondue sticks to my strawberry,\
Only if the tyres didn\'92t skid on the grease, \
Only if my brother\'92s car hadn\'92t crashed into the woods. \
Only if trees dropped sticks when cars ran into them.\
Instead, my brother was crushed under the weight of the fallen trees.\
He didn\'92t stick, \
He left more easily than my father. \
It was the last thread, \
I watched my mother change every night,\
I watched my mother grow frailer by the day.\
I watched her until she wasn\'92t here.\
She never wanted to be here.\
She never wanted this life for me.\
She never wanted me to be stuck like she was.\
But she left, \
Left me to be stuck here alone. \
\
I am scared of the woods.\
I am scared of the sticks I throw at you.\
I am scared of being stuck in this world.\
I am scared of being stuck in my mind.\
But I keep coming back to it.\
I keep throwing sticks at you,\
I keep eating fondue\
And I keep driving through the woods.\
But I fell,\
Fell down the rabbit hole\
And I couldn\'92t do it any longer. \
Alice didn\'92t find her wonderland so how could I?\
\
Instead, I took solace in you.\
You were the reason I stayed for however long I did. \
Because throwing sticks at you almost made everything okay.\
Watching the sticks bounce off your arm meant I would one day leave.\
But with every day, \
You made me want to leave less. \
But I had to go, \
So I just wanted you to pour the morphine down my throat\
So I didn\'92t have to live anymore.\
So I didn\'92t have to be stuck anymore.\
I thought you wouldn\'92t mind,\
Because you broke me long ago\'97\
Crushed me with your strength\
Just like the trees did to my brother\
And you did to the sticks I threw at you.\
\
4/17/2016\
I remember playing on playgrounds as a child,\
Playing with the coarse yellow sand,\
The swings and the red slides.\
I remember running around in my yellow dress\'97\
The one my mum insisted I wear, \
The one I hated with a burning passion. \
The one everyone complimented\'97\
Saying I looked effortless and fun. \
I thought that was happiness--\
The feather light, carelessness of it all. \
\
And slowly, leaves fell from trees,\
Only to be replaced by new ones--\
And I watched them fall around my favourite park,\
Watching the temporality of yellow leaves\
On a fall day. \
Year after year, I came back on the same day\
To watch the same tree change color\'97\
Even through the humdrum of life, \
I made my favourite childhood park my safe haven\'97\
From the baggage I accumulated on the other 364 days. \
\
The brightness of a warm and yellow sun, \
had been replaced by the dark grey clouds.\
I\'92d take more time to plan my outfits, \
Think about the comments before posting a picture, \
And how I\'92d be perceived. \
On the other 364 days of the year, \
I\'92m more caught up with the glow of my screen, \
Than the yellow coarse sand I\'92d grown up playing with.\
\
I was seventeen, \
And I had had one too many shots of something I can\'92t even remember. \
While I was trying to drown my pseudo misery, \
My drunken state brought me back to that memory--\
Of the carelessness, the feather light feeling. \
I looked around the room, \
The people I craved had a fuzzy yellow glow around them \
Like they knew something I didn\'92t. And so, I asked someone\'97\
It was the night I found out about Van Gogh. \
\
Van Gogh ate yellow paint\
Because yellow is the color of happiness,\
And even though he knew it would kill him, \
Van Gogh thought,\
The paint would make him happy on the inside. \
\
Through fragments of careless, childhood memories, \
I remember thinking if life was that easy\'97\
And we, humans, had just made life a little bit of a chore\
With the pressures of what is socially acceptable or not. \
And so, the next morning, \
Nursing a raging hangover-induced headache,\
I painted my room yellow--\
So that the sun was always in my room.\
\
Van Gogh ate yellow paint so he could be happy, \
So that he could create art that would be appreciated and loved.\
Van Gogh ate yellow paint so he could be accepted for who he was, \
I eat mine by being the paper clip to the paper people. \
By sitting around, in the dark, listening to the heartbeats,\
By the constant urge to need people--\
By being calm--like the blue empty skies--\
When I feel like a thunderstorm is coming, \
Just so I could be accepted for my feather light carelessness. \
\
Yellow paint became my personal sign of happiness, \
Almost as if the Van Gogh story was a metaphor to my life.\
And as I replaced my dress for yellow rain boots, \
I felt lighter because the things I attached to \
My symbol kept me grounded in reality\'97\
Even if I knew, the happiness they brought me\
Were like the temporary yellow fall leaves. \
\
4/30/2016\
There is something magical in the way light enters a room-- like a sharp spotlight. Almost as if you could see the air particles dancing in the sunlight, as you watch the long shadows move across the canvas. There is something magical about the long lean \
\
5/3/2018\
You were my best friend and you left \
One day out of the blue you stopped replying to my texts \
I told myself it was in my head \
But it wasn\'92t was it? \
I have always believed in self love and surrounding yourself with positivity \
I try to be the sunshine on rainy Seattle days so that you would still want me to be around \
But you don\'92t. \
You turned your back on me when I needed you the most but you still have this hold over me \
I still text you even though I know you won\'92t see them \
Even though I know you won\'92t reply \
I text you because i think about our inside jokes and I think about the times that have passed and I think about the times we stayed awake together \
And I hope that that will remind you \
That that will make you miss me \
\
You were my best friend and you left \
And I fucking hate you for that \
But I will always love you even when you don\'92t love me\
But I will be there when you need me \
And you will always have a sunshine in me. \
\
You were my best friend and you left \
One day out of the blue you stopped replying to my texts \
I told myself it was in my head \
But it wasn\'92t was it? \
I have always believed in self love and surrounding yourself with positivity \
I try to be the sunshine on rainy Seattle days so that you would still want me to be around \
But you don\'92t. \
You turned your back on me when I needed you the most but you still have this hold over me \
I still text you even though I know you won\'92t see them \
Even though I know you won\'92t reply \
I text you because i think about our inside jokes and I think about the times that have passed and I think about the times we stayed awake together \
And I hope that that will remind you \
That that will make you miss me \
\
You were my best friend and you left \
And I fucking hate you for that \
But I will always love you even when you don\'92t love me\
But I will be there when you need me \
And you will always have a sunshine in me. \
\
5/4/2016\
There is apparently a certain novelty to being single in college\'97especially Spring quarter. Its almost as if, all the couples have come out of hiding because you see more of them on the quad, on Red Square. You see them holding hands and a clear sign of PDA. For other people its like being single is the greatest thing they have thought of. For those who have been in a relationship (even if its on-and-off) since fall quarter, they are tired of the seasonal changes and want to embrace the independence. Then there is the people who are sex-crazed and don\'92t want to be tied down. I am not sure how many people make up my category but I am single, barely been kissed, girl who just wants a relationship. Who just wants a person to need them and keep them company. I am not asking for much, but apparently its so hard to be loved that I have given up.\
\
Relationships were never my priority in high school. That was something I would do in college. I had this idea of college\'97lots of boys, lots of alcohol and lots of fun. Honestly, college has been fun but it just seems like high school 2.0. Except this time, I actually want a relationship. I know there are 5 months of the quarter left and then 4 long months of vacations. What\'92s worse when one of your best friends has a line of boys almost as if the universe tells the boys she knows that she is currently single or going to be very soon. And even before she s done with one, sh has another primed and ready to parade in. She doesn\'92t need the boys, but sh has them as a back up for when she does. And then there is this other friend who has never been a person who talks boy. But she fell in love with her best friend almost as if her life is a cliche. \
\
Apparently I am asking for too much when I say all I want is a boy to love me. \
\
5/7/2016\
There is a certain glow on the horizon, a light pinkish hue as it mixes with the yellow accents. The color dips into a blue, like the vast blue dark skies. How is the sky blue when the sun is orange \
\
5/18/2018\
I keep thinking about what my life should be like. That\'92s a thought that crosses my head way too many times. If I have to think about who my best friend in college is my mind goes to the person I opened up to but they dropped me. It hurts because I don\'92t have a best friend anymore. And I think about how long it took me to open up and how I might ever open up again and I am baffled. The funny thing is I keep looking at how my life should be that I forget to look at how my life is now. I am loved and cherished and people care about me. It\'92s more than I could have ever asked and it makes my heart so full. I forget to love myself because I am too busy loving others. I am too busy waiting for their approval but really I\'92m the one who got me here. Yet somehow I keep questioning my worth and my strength. I brought myself here from those dark days. I stand here, not thinking about auicide or how a knife would feel on my wrist because really it took a long time to come here. But I am here and I forget to cherish that. \
\
5/19/2016\
That's the thing society tells you to need people. And that's what makes me hate it. I have been on my own for so long I forget to remind myself that I made it this long. \
\
It's human nature to compete, we were born to survive. It started with the monkeys and we pushed to look better, walk straighter. We evolved and became human. \
\
I feel sad. I am sitting here before my exam and I feel sad. I know life is about living on your own but for some reason I feel like I need someone to call me and ask me how I am doing. To remind me I am enough and that I am a vital part of their life. I guess all I want is to be wanted. \
\
5/25/2016\
just a little bit of poems and prose-- you could also call them epiphanies. \
(everything here is original work unless explicitly stated otherwise). \
More aesthetic Instagram: meghagoel9704\
\
\
.1-- poetry in motion \
\
I wrote this after a certain blowout with people and a day full of missed buses and trains. #poetry #poet \
\
6/6/2016\
Everyday this past week I haven't gotten to bed before the sun rose. I have watched the first few days of sun hit the ground, I have watched the deep ink blue skies turn cerulean. I have watched the quiet streets of 4am turn into the scurrying and honking mess of 8am, I have watched the night wane as the moon comes into full view and disappears with the brightness of day. \
\
It's not just that I am nocturnal, I have raged against the dying of the light. \
\
6/15/2016\
This past week has been horrible around the world. From the shooting in Orlando to the mass execution in Cameroon to the shootings in Syria and Iraq. There is so much violence in the world-- terrorism happens everyday. It's been a tough week, actually a tough year for humans or maybe a tough few years with no end in sight. How long will terrorism go on? How long will humans keep repeating the same mistakes? All we can do is hope that it changes one day, there is a little more peace in the world. \
Ps: for your sanity, don't google 'list of terrorist incidents this year'.\
\
6/17/2018\
we talked about shoulders\'97\
how the perfect girl felt unconscious \
how the internet had never seen this much skin because of consciousness\
because our society told girls to hide our shoulders\
because bare shoulders were a sign of sexuality\'97 \
but baby come kiss me because fuck society \
\
6/19/2018\
When i started college as an international student 4 years ago, college to me was the place where we found our passions. But no one tells you that going to a public school meant applying to your major. I hated science with a passion until I came to the UW and found Home at the iSchool. My love for technology and writing came together in a beautiful way that is human computer interaction and at the core of it was my most important passion\'97humanity. Through these 4 years I have fallen one too many times but after every time I had stood back up taller than ever. Today I am terrified of what the future holds but I am also so so excited to see everything that is coming my way. \
\
To say that the past 4 years have been a constant state of anxiety and unrest would be an understatement because sometimes it was much worse. It was also the best time of my life and if I had to do it again, I probably would. And look at me with my 2 tassels on my cap. \
\
6/28/2019\
I lay myself out like a doormat expecting people to treat me the way I treat them. It\'92s absolutely horrible but what do I keep expecting? \
\
7/2/2016\
Ready for some loud music \
Lets converse like this \
\
I am so embarrassed I am hiding my face\
Tell me when this all is over \
\
If I am at this level no one can see me \
\
Don't worry I will sit properly as I don't want u to suffer alone \
\
Last thing, if we sit in the car and eat then he will play loud music and pretty much every one can here it.\
\
7/8/2020\
Death\
Seems so appealing. Everything seems better when you\'92re dead. You\'92re remembered for the good. Hell even serial killers are remembered and pulled apart for a trace of goodness.\
But being alive is so difficult. Why should you live? To cause more pain? To cause small pain everyday? Why not just take the deep dive and just cause one big pain. It\'92ll heal.\
\
7/16/2016\
Someone once told me I had this idea of me but I never worked towards it. It stung because deep down she was right. I sit afar and re-think my actions, make myself a version of the story which would be better. Which would align to the person I want to be. Yet when I am out in a situation, I run away from discomfort and vulnerability. \
\
\
7/17/2019\
By the water and in the forests, as we went whizzing down a windy road, after 8 miles of hikes and 24 hours of memories in hand, I felt a sense of calmness. We all lived in the same moment, listening to the Good Vibes Spotify playlist, our hearts beat separately but our minds were one. Cutoff from the world, but knowing we returned to it refreshed. For once it wasn\'92t a moment where I didn\'92t want to end, instead, I knew if it ended it just brought with it the immense possibility of a similar future adventure. That excitement pushed me forward. \
\
So untouched we say looking at the Pacific Northwest Beauty. Off-roading And well trodden trails, we see stumps fallen over and moss grown on them. And then we encounter the stumps that are too flat and the only reason for them was so you could walk there. But there they stand as broken reminders that you are entering their land \'97 some sad and thin leaning over other thicker stumps, trees with rings you can\'92t count because you\'92re too stupid for that. They are a reminder, some sad some rude awakenings that they were here first and they will be here after you, that you will move onto see it\'92s cousins and to bid them farewell, that you are a visitor in the land where they stood proud and tall, where they lay their seed and will give birth to future trees. \
\
The clouds skirted above the water, wafting into the trees and \
\
7/20/2019\
Do you ever just get so in your head about your friends and the people that are here and the people that have left, the jobs you have to do and the jobs you don\'92t have it, the sheer intensity of nature and walking around like a mad person through the thick forest. I had one of those today. 0.25 miles into a hike, I felt like I couldn\'92t breathe, my heart constricted, and I felt like I was going to die, and then I started thinking about how it\'92s the end of July, and I don\'92t really have a job and I don\'92t know what I am doing honestly. This week has been such a shitshow with me barely working on anything and it was bad. \
\
7/21/2021\
Moments that put a smile on our face\
Life can get so noisy sometimes - the deadlines, the onslaught of meetings. Scheduling meetups and staying in touch. Sometimes, regardless of how great things are going, it gets messy and loud. But in between all of that we get caught up in our monotony, we forget to find color, we forget to smile with our hearts.\
This past year taught me about trusting myself.\
Recently, I go to bed thinking of one picture, of one moment that put a smile on my face - may that have been a conversation with a barista who's name I never bothered to know, a silly afternoon sitting in an overpriced cafe, waking up on a flight in the midst of a beautiful sunrise, sitting by the ocean watching a mesmirizing sunset. Or most of all, times with my friends. Thinking back I am washed over with a wave of calmness. I am transported to the place I was in, to the way it felt, tasted, sounded, smelt. I can hear the waves crashing, the laughter of people, the blaring music. I can taste the burnt coffee. I can feel the unconscious smile that has resided over my face.\
And I feel complete. I feel invincible. And I feel thankful. Thankful for the happiness in the world, happiness in my life. It makes me yearn for more moments like those. And I want to be more present, more aware of those moments. I want to take the time to savour those moments in the future. Because they come and go too fast. And then you're left again in a dark room, typing on your laptop years later.\
Thinking back to those moments gives me a sense of calm. I know I can never go back and I know I can never recreate that moment. I know I am looking at some of them with rose-tinted glasses, zooming into that one fleeting minute of pure ecstasy. But sometimes, playing and replaying that on loop gets you through life. I feel like that's what I have been doing.\
I often feel like such a failure, I feel so sad. I feel defeated. But its these moments, these airy breezy happiness filled moments that lift my spirits.\
I hope to make more of these this year.\
\
7/23/2016\
I press my hand on my thighs and there it is, the bulging masses, the ones that make others stare--\
Or not stare. The ones that attract the snide comments and the ones that I have grown to hate. \
\
7/24/2019\
Sometimes I read something so fantastical that I buy into it. But then I am cruelly reminded of the shit times. If the gods we say existed, why did colonialization happen? Why were south asians\
\
7/25/2019\
But speaking of, I have been considering something and I need a perspective and who better than you honestly. I talked to maa about it but I haven\'92t really talked to papa in depth plus he isn\'92t really the type to talk things out, but I was wondering if I could get some advice from you \'97 my friend is moving to New York and she asked if I wanted to move with her and I kinda wanna do it. \
I know big mood and woah but, Here\'92s the situation, I don\'92t have a job in Seattle, I don\'92t have a job in New York. Cost of living will be more in New York, I am aware but I can make it work. New York does have a high supply as compared to demand of jobs which may be a problem, but Seattle hasn\'92t proven any better. Either way, I\'92ll have to leave the country in October if I don\'92t find a job anyway, so really what\'92s stopping me? \
\
What\'92s really stopping me? I love Seattle and my friends and my life but as far as job market goes New York has everything And I know that the supply is so much more in New York and that\'92s going to be tough but honestly for tech stuff Seattle is no easy place either. But either way putting all of that apart, and considering that cost of living will be more expensive in nyc than Seattle, is it stupid to just uproot your life and move to this place that I have wanted to live in for so long. I don\'92t know if that makes sense but I just think I need a new adventure and nyc def is one. I have been talking to people and while they agree some have said taking a few years and working on saving up and then transferring Might be good, might be safer but what if \
\
\
7/29/2021\
Chennai\
	\'95	I used to be so unafraid. As I watched the water crash on the ocean - watching a wave form and crash, gather itself before it collapses is such a simple beauty\
	\'95	Used to be unafraid in the water and now all I can think about is standing too far in, being consumed by the water\
\
8/3/2020\
I see the tears in my dad\'92s eyes. The pace of our housekeeper slow down. I\'92ve written about trauma and pain for years but I never knew where it came from. It came from years of watching my dad getting angry. My dad get stabbed in the back from close friends and worst of all his family. From my dad letting my mom down. From my mom\'92s expectations of me. From my mom\'92s quietness. From my mom\'92s self doubt.\
I grew up like that. Hour after hour, fight after fight, being called worthless and useless by the hour. I don\'92t know how much of a trauma it left on my mum but i see it in her eyes.\
God, I miss being a child. Miss being able to forget about it and live in my own dreamland.\
Being away and home now after years is different. I get to see the permanent scars left on my mom\'92s psyche, the hurt in her eyes, the self hate. I see pain my dad\'92s hiding, the anger he harbors at himself, lashing out in different ways. The expectations he carries and the big dreams and hopes.\
My parents are dreamers so of course I am one too. A dreamer expected to not cry. A dreamer expected to hold it together. To be put together.\
\
It was a story of the people The people that set at tables with no conversation The people who ate in silence and spoke different languages The people who worked on their laptop in a place that was too fancy for work The people who laughed while they ate, food being an after thought The people who sat across from each other with nothing to say , The people who sat next to each other with nothing to say, That lonely girl with her laptop and a coffee, Me with my food, people watching That table with the loud noises who couldn\'92t stop talking, The cheerful laughter of people floating across the room\
\
8/5/2020\
First, I want to apologize to my friends int he room, the people in this room that know me in some capacity or form. I am sorry for the times I have seemed cold and disinterested, I am sorry for being overeager, I am sorry if I was ever toxic to you. I am sorry for pushing my sadness onto you. But most of all, I am sorry for the times when I wasn\'92t honest with you.\
You see, I don\'92t understand myself sometimes. I have lied to myself and sometimes I need to make up stories in my head to just get out of bed and get going. I don\'92t know what to say to you because I am too in my head. I am looking for a thought. In those quiet times, when you\'92ve felt like there is nothing to talk about, I am sorry for being disengaged because my brain won\'92t shut up. Its not making any sense really, its just empty, hollow and a voice echoes in that emptiness \'97 a voice telling me i am not enough. I am not worthy.\
If you ask me to tell you about the last time I was happy, I can pull up a memory from last weekend when I saw my friends at a bar and we drank. But I went home that night and cried my eyes out. I don\'92t know why I was crying and I\'92d be lying if I said that was the first time that week when I had cried myself to sleep. For the past 2 years, that has been far too much of a common occurrence.\
People constantly ask how I am doing. I smile, say I\'92m good, and genuinely have nothing else to say. I smile but i don\'92t feel the smile. Do you know what I mean by that? a smile that extends and you can feel it in your heart?\
So we were just on spring break and I went to Puerto Vallarta with my best friend, then a Californian road trip with my high school best friend, and then visited my other best friend in San Diego. It sounds perfect. I cam back home that saturday evening, made myself dinner, got into bed, and cried. I didn\'92t feel anything, i felt hollow but I knew I was crying because of the wet tears rolling down my face. There was a nagging voice in my head \'97 go to that damn party, go see people, you\'92re running out of time. But all I could do was lay there, unable to move, and the dark thoughts just kept coming.\
Have you ever picked up a knife to cut an apple but thought how it would feel on your skin instead? Have you ever thought what would happen if you just put it right through you? Stabbed your stomach? Would it pain? Would I bleed out in seconds? I am not afraid of death, I am afraid of living. I am afraid of putting myself up here and talking about this and I am afraid of what will happen when I wake up tomorrow. I am afraid of the pitiness and the tears and the smiles. People ask me why I don\'92t put myself out there more. Why I like to play it safe and just do what I am doing. Its so that I can stay a little sane. Going about what may be a normal day for you is extraordinary for me sometimes.\
My friends really are the best. Some I have met in the last 6 months thanks to the wonderful house I am living in, and some I have known since my first day here. I have lost some and I have gained some invaluable ones. But anyone that I dare to call my best friend has helped me get here today. I never talk about this. I really don\'92t know how too. I don\'92t know how to pick up a phone and say \'91I feel like killing myself, can you come over please.\'92 But I know I can and I promise that is enough for me. I am sorry if I am not vulnerable enough but please know each and every one of you matter so much to me and I love you all. I don\'92t say that lightly, \'91love,\'92 I truly do mean it. I wouldn\'92t be here without the glimpses of happiness you all bring to my life.\
\
8/7/2021\
Grandparent visit musings\
	\'95	Is the inflation of 125x the reason why Dadi has lost vision of what is enough? No idea or in touch with the reality? Things compounded so much - is it the idea that we had loss?\
	\'95	What am I meant to answer when she asks \'93how much is enough to be satisfied?\'94 What am I meant to answer when all I want to do is say you\'92re going to live another 20 years at the most - this is not going to matter anymore after that.\
	\'95	The earliest memory my dadu has is from 1940 at the age of 3. Imagine if someone chronicled his life - what would it be? Everyone should journal.\
	\'95	I think we can all choose to be happy at some point after we\'92ve recognized, after we\'92ve put in the work to be better. And I will. I hope to be more positive and content going forward. I choose to be happy and think about what is going well in the world. Because too much goes wrong.\
\
8/8/2016\
love is the smell of freshly brewed coffee\
airplanes and the excitement of new adventures\
\
8/9/2016\
You know what I have realized with social media? It's all consuming, it's the best reason to avoid thinking. \'91\
\
8/14/2018\
baby tell me all about you Quickly We\'92re not getting any younger and I don\'92t want to waste any time in falling in love with you\
\
8/16/2020\
It\'92s my funny life.\
I can feel so happy and fulfilled one day but there is nagging feeling that this isn\'92t happiness. That this isn\'92t life. It\'92s an illusion of it. And then the next day the cracks begin to appear. What do you do with those moments? Cherish them? Hold them close to you so you can look back at them in nostalgia? Or look through rose tinted glasses to scrutinize the facade created?\
It\'92s a funny life.\
How my dad, injured by his own wounds, reacts the way he does. The way his temper shoots off the roof and ricochets around him. The way his eyes fight off the hurt he is feeling as he tries to stand up for himself. How much has he been through? I get it, I do. I want to hold him tight and tell him we\'92re not fighting with him. That we\'92ll stand by him no matter what. But he makes it so difficult to love him. He makes it so difficult to watch my mom shrivel up.\
It\'92s a funny life.\
Watching my mom be strong and laughing one day. And then watch her become a shell of a human the next. To know that for days to come she will hurt herself by telling herself things that aren\'92t true \'97 fallacies of self hate. To know that for the next few days she will know when I carefully watch her but won\'92t be able to look me straight in the eye. To have her come to me and apologize.\
It\'92s a funny life.\
How I tried to run away from this. To not live this and think this for years. And then only to be jolted back in it.\
Why do I sympathize with people that hurt me? Is it because my mom taught me that? To tolerate my father even after he hurts her, hurts me? Is it because we're taught tolerance is what holds a family together?\
\
9/1/2020\
Family\
How is it that humans have evolved with the one aim of procreating? Were kids the accident nobody signed up for. I remember the day my mom told me I was an accident. A happy accident but an accident nevertheless.\
Family yells, backstabs, betrays. I've seen through it all. And when I think I havent seen something, I see it. Its quite astounding how family is the one gift that keeps on giving.\
But being a parent \'97 how is that something that people actually want to be? I remember the day my mom told me I was an accident. I also remember the day she told me that I was the best thing to happen to her (well one of them) and when I did happen, I gave her immense peace and joy.\
Our family makes us. Literally makes us \'97 our scars, bones, the way we view the world. And yet, in today's world, you can't talk about them. "Everyone has family/daddy/mommy issues" "Everyone has a crazy aunt or uncle" "Everyone has cousins that they love and cousins that they hate" "Everyone has grandparents with unrealistic expectations"\
Well ok. Everyone does. But how come not everyone has the scars I do? If everyone has it, how does it affect me so much more than the other person?\
I am so tired of keeping this family together. Holding it together with sweat and tears that I have forgotten how to hold myself together.\
This isn't how life is supposed to be. is it? If it is, then why do we continue to be pro-life and bring more people into this disaster? Why do we keep fighting?\
\
9/2/2017\
I deal with self diagnosed social anxiety. I say self diagnosed because I have never actually seen a doctor for it. \
But what do you call being rooted to the ground in public, what do you call being unable to say something in public, of being scared of being judged, of not being able to move infront of people. Its anxiety and especially under social scenarios. \
\
I know 3 languages, and I am learning a fourth. I understand an additional 2 more. At my internship people spoke in hindi and while i understand fluent hindi, I speak hindi at home, I can\'92t speak it in social situations. I understand that we should push ourselves to do things we aren\'92t comfortable with. But language is what you can use to portray your confidence. It is the tool to fool everyone around you. And no matter what, every time I have to speak in hindi in public, I can feel the bile rising in my throat. And so, I don\'92t. I listen to people in Hindi, let them assume I am an entitled prick, and yet reply in cool collected english without stumbling or feeling anxious. Because language helps me identify with my thoughts, it gives me the power I know I have. But it doesn\'92t make me any less Indian \
\
9/6/2017\
It goes well until it doesn't--\
\
I want someone to look at me the way random people look at you, \
The brightness in their face when they are graced with your presence-- \
That happiness, I want it. \
\
I don't want you, I want your personality, \
I want the carefree poise you pretend to have, \
I want to be the reason for someone to smile  \
\
Running away from responsibilities \
Is a term that is thrown around way too often. \
\
But that is my very basic instinct, \
Give me a stressful day and you'll see me running away from the skyline, \
Weekends I get I prefer making trips, \
I run away from everything that makes young basic life.  \
\
9/7/2016\
sitting in a dark room at 2:42 in the morning, some things are very clear to me: \
1. I run away from situations far too easily\
2. I need people\'92s approval when deep down I know I am the only person who is going to be living this life\
3. I need to do something about the life I want otherwise what happened with colleges is going to happen to me. \
\
we spend years hiding \
our bodies in clothes, \
our thoughts in candy-dipped words\
\
9/12/2018\
I knew it was getting colder but i was in denial and then i saw the mountain that looms over us and i could see the fresh snow it had accumulated over the days it hid from us and there was no denying anymore as it stood tall and proud yet shyly peeking through the wispy clouds and the sun glistened its slopes.\
\
9/16/2018\
Every Friday brings with it corporate happy hours and people rushing to get the train out of the city, rooftop gatherings and the beginnings of drunken adventures that might eventually turn into drunken Saturday\'92s, Saturday\'92s full of promise and adventure and excitement rolls into Saturday nights as the friend who pulls you out promises it can be missed. And so, you go, to come back at 4 am and wake up to a lazy Sunday. And for a few hours, the city dissipates some of its excitement. People recheck themselves, run their errands, pop a few Advil, and prep themselves for a night of relaxing. And as Sunday night looms around, friends gather for dinner and couples go on romantic walks, individuals take baths and roommates unwind. They\'92re building up energy, the cabs start speeding back up.\
\
9/18/2016\
The article talks about something I like to term "white privilege". White privilege doesn't only reflect skin color but the way a person was brought up. I was born and brought up in India yet I was fully aware of what happened on this side of the world, the music and clothes I hear or wore were a replica to that of a person living in the United States. Although not everyone in India lives the same life, I was amongst the few in this country to have the privilege. Thinking this, I thought my move to America for college would be flawless. After all, I knew the culture and what was that thing that people kept saying? Oh yes, the amount of Asians and Indians that dominated the country. \
\
In a school as diverse as the University of Washington, I still found an unbelievable amount of segregation. Friendships seemed to be forged on your appearance and skin color. And the worst was when I went to the counseling center after a tough winter quarter, only for a counselor to blatantly point out my skin tone and call Indians snake charmers\'97something I had thought was an ideological myth and not an actual belief held by people. \
\
9/22/2016\
It's like something died within me. I am not sure if it hasn't hit me yet or if I am avoiding it or if I am actually truly numb. I don't know why I have to go back to school. I want to but at the same time don't want to. I don't want to have to deal with my future and people and figure this out. God, the people! I am not ready for this. \
\
9/26/2017\
And there is the sadness, indian artist portraits, have such beautiful work. The thing commended is the object not the artist. It\'92s like saying Mona Lisa is everything and forgetting who created the masterful piece. \
\
9/27/2020\
Tomorrow is my birthday\
Tomorrow is my birthday.\
I don\'92t like my birthday very much. It\'92s always something that has made me sad.\
We celebrate a day of our lovely possessions. What we own, what we got, who we have in our life, our friends, the gifts they\'92ve given us.\
It\'92s the one day you can flaunt about everything good in the world. Then why is it that every time my birthday comes around I think of everything I don\'92t have. Of every way that my life is going wrong? Why is it that I become horribly depressed and feel unloved? Even when I am in my parents\'92 home. Even when they do the things like cakes and such.\
Why is a day that is meant to be about me not really about me at all? Why is it about the people that have wished me and the people that have come into my life and the things they\'92ve got me and the grand gestures they\'92ve done. Why can\'92t I just curl up with a book and be left alone?\
Why do I always feel worthless on my birthday?\
Lately my birthday is a reminder that the day of my birth is not a day of happiness for me but a day of my happiness for my parents \'97 their first born made it to 23.\
I however feel horrible. And I can\'92t even cry.\
Maybe that\'92s why I cried so much last year. Because I want to cry every year. But I am always around people that make it difficult to cry. And last year, well last year I wasn\'92t.\
\
9/29/2020\
Self-preservation\
Something can be said to my self-preservation tactics. I shut down, not think about it, think about everything else but the thing I should probably be thinking about it. Is this everyone's defense mechanism? And if so, is it really healthy to live with this much pent-up regret, anxiety, and constant need for analysis?\
Every time something bad happens, I stop talking, I stop thinking. And then I put up a smile but my brain is shut. I think I learnt this form my mom. I have done it so much over the years its just something my body does on its own. And now, I recognize my mom doing it. Maybe I did learn this from her. Maybe my eyes aren't as vacant as hers yet but no doubt, it will get there.\
Its not depression or sadness or want is difficult for me to define. Getting out of it, and talking about it is what's difficult. How am I meant to tell my parents that have provided me with everything that I am not happy? That I am up at odd hours, thinking of the best way to die? How do I answer the question of "what do you not have figured out" without saying everything and running into a wall?\
Its true, there are good things. And i wish I could just count those good things. But its the bad things, the difficult things that haunt me everyday. Every night. I lay in bed with my eyes closed, feeling alone, and with my thoughts, they all come back. The heartbreak, the wells of tears, the fears. I don't know how to move past it. I've tried. I've tried to talk to myself rationally and tried to think it through. But my self-preservation tactic kicks in on its own, and it screams. And I shut down. Its all dark.\
What I've not figured out \'97 is me. I thought I would be happy when I was 23. I thought I wouldn't have my dark demon. I thought I would smile and laugh and be light and carefree. That's what I haven't figured out. That's the part I can't seem to figure out \'97 me. And me wanting to breathe, me wanting to get up in the morning. When I was 17, I didn't think I would make it to 23. But if I did make it to 23, I thought of myself having left behind all of this.\
I think voicing this, telling someone this will help me. I know it will. But I am scared. I don't know for what but I am scared. And then another voice in me tells me that I know what others will say. I know exactly what advice they will give me \'97 to fucking shut up and deal with it and move on. So what's the point. But really, how do you tell someone this? I can't even fathom sitting down and having this conversation with someone. Not my parents, not my sister, not my family. My friends love me but I just don't want to burden them with this. And that brings up the whole childhood, trust issues, trauma. The idea that people are there in good times, but not the bad.\
Good times and not the bad \'97 that's another idea where my self-preervation instincts kick in. People always said it matters that people stand by you in your bad times, not the good. But then I had people leave in my bad times. When I told them of my needs and wasn't able to hold only theirs, they stopped being my friend. And it happened, over and over again. Until I became desensititzed. I dealt with it and realized if I can't have them stand by me in bad times, at least they will stand be me in good times. And then comes around my birthday, and no one remembers. and there we go with that theory. People don't stand with you in good times either. At the end of the day, you really are a fucking lonely mess that you have to deal with, no one else. And so my preservation instincts kick in and I try my damned hardest to not shut down but it happens. And when it can't happen, I snap.\
How do you tell someone you love this? Someone that gave birth to you? Someone you love? I don't have that much courage. I know this knowledge will break their heart, they will look at me differently. And so, I don't tell them. I don't tell anyone. I live with it. I pick myself apart and glue myself together. I think about how I did it now and I will do it again. And then one day I wake up and its alright, I am not going to break, and then the next comes and I feel steady ground and I can prepare for lift off. And I fill like a hot air balloon and slowly rise, taking in the scenes. And then one stupid bird with a sharp beak comes and punctures a tiny bubble, and its off to my death I go. I crash faster than I rose and I break apart into more pieces than last time. And the whole cycle begins again. I put myself together, glue it piee by piece. Again and again and again. But now, I odn't know how much longer I cna go with this. I can feel the small fine dust is lost and I can see the cracks. I can see the balloon is unpatchable because its so distorted. And I am worried one day I will blow and I will be irreparable. I worry about that day.\
Yet, I don't know what to do. I don't know how to help or ask for help. I wish I was taught how to ask for help.\
Maybe this is why A Little Life impacted me the way it did. This concept of hidden suffering, the idea that no matter what, how much you might want to trust someone, you can't. The idea that you can't burden someone else with your burden. The concept of being one perosn on the outside without ever truly showing just how broken you are on the inside is one I've struggled with for most of my conscious adult life. At least from the age of 12. and now, I don't know another way.\
\
10/1/2019\
Times Square is never dark, which is crazy. It\'92s so shocking. Could be a metaphor for how life always has something to give. Constantly trying to look up even when it may seem too dark.\
\
wow The setting: Rockefeller center somewhere in the back, Empire State Building in the front with the lights going off, and to the left, hidden by the trees the Chrysler building, right by the fountain. People are here with friends and only one person. G themselves. It\'92s truly something. Just take a minute and look up, look how the lights shine for you. This is the o oh slciyh in the world (& maybe Dubai? & maybe Paris, & maybe London) where the lights on all night shouldn\'92t be a crime. Everywhere else, it\'92s a crime. I love this city. This, This freedom of walking in a city at 10pm is what I am going to miss. Everything else I can get in Bangalore and more. But this, this feeling I log walking aimlessly until I figure it out is what I am going to miss. The constant activity brings you safety. I don\'92t even know what else to say but it\'92s this absolute utter beautiful feeling of freedom that I absolutely love and am going to miss.\
\
10/5/2017\
I strongly believe their somethings that you have to learn outside of class. While in London I took part in multiple societies and clams while I was studying English literature. I was part of creative pro bono agency as well as a Tech society. I went to multiple hackathons both on campus and off-campus hoping to gain as much information as possible. Over the summer while working with Vernacular.AI not only did I work with use experience and data I also worked with the CTO in learning the basic architecture of How Machine learning works and the architecture of their software working in the small team. Working in the small team really helped build my perspective alongside that I worked on multiple freelancing projects over the summer and then personally the next step. I wish to play the Google because in my opinion the next step I need is a structured guidance that but only a big company can provide in particular. Most importantly I want to be able to work under a team of advisors to tell me how I can approach things differently I am. I have always been very learning individual and I believe working with professionals in creating something bigger but I had to word a bigger project is the ultimate next step for my future. Will put me a part. What puts me apart from other individuals is my drive and passion for attack. Combined with the articulate knowledge of understanding and overthinking that an English degree provides. While at college I have continued to take web design courses and you Xclusive as pie as part of my informatics my alarm I hope in the next coming year I hope to convert convert my minor into a major.\
\
10/15/2021\
W\
How far will you go before you break? Before it\'92s too much? How unsettled do you need to be?\
We define ourselves and our experiences based on others - perceptions and thoughts and feelings. Precedence.\
How many times will you go to the edge and retreat? How far in will you retreat?\
This time you have to go into your cave, you have to retreat, and this time you have to jump off the edge. You have to take your risk and put in the time and energy to mould that Diamond. Because if not now then when?\
\
\
10/18/2017\
I sat there listening to her talk and I had no idea what was running through her mind but as she talked about her broken pieces,6 I felt it deep within me. My experiences were completely different from hers but there was something in her pain that I felt. Something about the way she described about her broken pieces, her immovability, her lack of self esteem and personal confidence. I felt her pain like I felt mine. Talking to her and watching her in that state reminded me of the pain I was in about 2 years ago. Here I was, talking to someone twice my age about abuse and while hers was physical in a relationship, I understood her because I was in friendships that were abusive. Friendships that broke down my self esteem with every passing year. I felt her broken pieces and her loneliness. Her pain is very different from mine, very emotionally draining from mine. But the effect\'97the effect was intersectional. The pain and feelings we feel are one and the same, because that\'92s what depression does to you. \
\
10/18/2019\
He was the kindest person I knew. Thinking about forgiveness makes me think of him. It\'92s funny,though, how we think about people after their passing. How a sadness brings people together. It wasn\'92t that I didn\'92t think of him when he was alive, rather it was the fact that I took it for granted. I took life for granted. But I swear, this thing is far too short and far too cruel. It comes to the people who deserve it the least and who probably want it the least too. It\'92s almost his birthday and I can\'92t stop thinking about it. My nana was the nicest person ever & I want to be just a little nice as him. Without me knowing it, he taught me the importance of forgiveness & the importance of self-worth.\
\
11/8/2017\
It\'92s a cold winters day\
And the sun plays with the clouds\'97\
Dancing and skirting leaving glimpses of sun\
In places too far away. \
\
I walk along the coast, \
Watching the water splash on the rocks \
And recede;\
Splash and recede. \
\
I watch the water trickle\
In between the stones. \
The clear water skirting \
Glimpses of the seabed with every splash. \
\
I follow the coast line \
As far as I can\'97\
And just as I watch a ray of sun \
Hit the rocks a little way away\'97\
I see the warm golden hue spread like warmth. \
I feel the warmth, \
Trickling in me much like water \
trickles between stones\
I feel the hush of comfort and safety\
The golden warm hue\
Even in the face of blistering cold winds. \
\
\
11/9/2018\
Loss\
Its so weird experiencing loss because you don\'92t know if this is how you actually feel about the person if you\'92re fantasizing and making them to be larger than they actually are.\
\
\
11/14/2017\
The city never really does sleep. With the reflection of city lights on the sky, \
It lights the sky in a cool pink. \
Never really sleeping \
A constant state of light reminding you \
That day isn\'92t over \
And so the days flow one into the other \
\
12/17/2017\
We are a piece of history \
Slotting into the world like little pieces of a puzzle \
Forgetting what has come before us. \
\
Even today we talk about the breaking \
The change in weather, geography\
Imagine when the lands were shifting \
\
In the distance\
I saw the buildings light up\'97golden\
I walked under the grey skies\
But somehow the sun parted\
Somewhere in the distance \
Shining those few rays\
On the buildings\
In the distance\
They lit up\'97\
Golden. \
\
12/28/2019\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I think sometimes we think we can sit down and just figure everything out and that it all has to line up and it\'92s going to be ok. But it\'92s not how it works. It takes time and effort and energy to build yourself up. It takes an approach of recognizing your vices and constantly working on ourselves. We are a more conscious generation and I think that\'92s because of the amount of time we spend working on ourselves, to better ourselves.\
I think we try to find a reason for why we\'92re broken and we try to blame specific instances in our life for them. Sometimes it\'92s nothing but other times it\'92s everything. How do you reconcile with who you are and who you are becoming?\
My mom is going through perimenopause which makes her anger absolutely horrible. Mix that with her sadness and it\'92s kind of unbearable to be around her. But one of the things I\'92ve found myself saying is \'91calm down,\'92 \'91keep yourself calm,\'92 \'91control yourself.\'92 It\'92s that last one that really makes me think \'97 \'91control yourself\'92 woman \'97 a jibe hundreds and thousands of men have used towards women to make them feel inferior and less. Is it fair for one woman to use towards another woman?\
There is a rawness to vulnerability that I haven\'92t been able to come to terms with. How do you keep pushing yourself and your self worth when you are so confused and overwhelmed? Isn\'92t it time to ask myself what I want? What I truly want? Am I wasting time?\
That question \'97 am I wasting time? \'97 has been replaying in my head for the past 6 months. I keep seeing people get amazing jobs and positions out of college. I keep seeing people party and have fun. And in all honesty, it\'92s hitting me hard. I didn\'92t want that life right now but is this the life I wanted? Sitting in my bed all day, not working on anything? Where is my ambition? I am broken and I feel even more broken when I see this. When will I stop measuring myself to others in the world and just focus on me \'97 focus on what I want \'97 on where I want to be? Isn\'92t this the time to do that?\
Trauma: How do you recognize your own trauma? Is it when you take a step back and then come back to the thick of it?\
I have seen people scream and shout at each other for years. There is no unity and how do yo7 get to an answer? How do you speak for someone else when you can\'92t even speak for yourself?\
Being back in Bangalore has been very interesting for me. I knew I never fit in in high school, but I kept telling myself stories and others how close I was to some people so that I could make it up. Honestly, I am tired of it. I am tired of lying to myself and others around me. I don\'92t like some people and they don\'92t like me. But honestly, I never put in the effort it needed.\
So, I\'92ve been sitting here worrying about what I am going to do on New Years because no 22 year old should spend it at home. I should go out and see my friends and drink with them and enjoy and live my best life. Right? That\'92s what\'92s tradition demands. That\'92s what\'92s expected. When people ask me what I did, I have to tell them I got all dressed up and went to a party with my high school friends and had fun. Because that\'92s what happens, isn\'92t it? But it isn\'92t what I want to do. I am sitting here and constantly thinking and stressing about it, because I don\'92t want to be that \'93loser\'94 but honestly I don\'92t want to go drink with random people. I think I want to be invited to it more than I want to go to it. But what\'92s new? That\'92s how I have lived most of my life. In this halfway place between dreams and consciousness.\
I am able to stand here today and I know that there is something wrong with me. I know that but I don\'92t know how to help myself. I am still terrified to face my demons.\
}